Email: Mention free Proton account deletion (#2510)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/email.md

#### :material-information-outline:{ .pg-blue } Account Termination

> If you have a paid account and your [bill is unpaid](https://proton.me/support/delinquency) after 14 days, you won't be able to access your data. After 30 days, your account will become delinquent and won't receive incoming mail. You will continue to be billed during this period. Free Proton Mail that are in [inactive](https://proton.me/support/inactive-accounts) for over a year are deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a paid account and your [bill is unpaid](https://proton.me/support/delinquency) after 14 days, you won't be able to access your data. After 30 days, your account will become delinquent and won't receive incoming mail. You will continue to be billed during this period. Proton will [delete inactive free accounts](https://proton.me/support/inactive-accounts) after one year. You cannot reuse the email address on a deactivated account.
```
Adopted wording from "[Account Termination](https://www.privacyguides.org/en/email/#account-termination_2)" section in the Tuta recommendation
